[KZL-759] Add Getting started for Java SDK (#187)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/java/1/getting-started/index.md

This page shows examples of scripts that **store** documents in Kuzzle, and of scripts that subcribe to real-time **notifications** for each new document created.

<div class="alert alert-success">
Before proceeding, please make sure your system meets the following requirements:

* **Oracle JDK or OpenJDK** version 8 or higher (<a href="https://openjdk.java.net/install/">OpenJDK installation instructions</a>)
* A running Kuzzle server (<a href="guide/1/essentials/installing-kuzzle/">Kuzzle installation guide</a>)
</div>

## Installation

### Maven and Gradle

Kuzzle Java SDK is available on Bintray for both
[amd64](https://bintray.com/kuzzle/maven/kuzzle-sdk-java-amd64) and
[x86](https://bintray.com/kuzzle/maven/kuzzle-sdk-java-x86) architectures. Add it as a dependency for your project and

### Manually

If you do not use a project manager, you can find the SDK JARs directly
on our [download
plateform](https://dl.kuzzle.io/sdk/java/master/index.html). Download
and add it to your classpath.

## First connection

Initialize a new Java project, create a `gettingstartedfirstconnection.java` file and start by adding the code below:

[snippet=firstconnection]

> This program initializes the Kuzzle server storage by creating a data index, and a data collection inside it

Reviewer: If we refer to https://confluence.kaliop.net/display/LABS/2018-02-21+Meeting+notes++-+Kuzzle+products+naming, Kuzzle server should be referenced as Kuzzle Server

Run the program with the following command:

```bash
$ javac -classpath ./path/to/the/sdk.jar gettingstartedfirstconnection.java
$ java -classpath .:./path/to/the/sdk.jar gettingstartedfirstconnection
Connected!
Index nyc-open-data created!
Collection yellow-taxi created!
```

> Congratulations, you performed a first connection to Kuzzle with a Java program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations, you performed your first connection to Kuzzle Server via a Java program.
```

> You are now able to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You now know how to:
```

> * Instantiate a protocol (here `websocket`) and a Kuzzle SDK instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Instantiate Kuzzle SDK and connect to Kuzzle Server using a specific protocol (here `websocket`)
```

> * Connect to a Kuzzle instance running on `localhost`, with the WebSocket protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Create a data index
* Create a data collection within an existing index

## Create your first document

> Now that you successfully connected to your Kuzzle server with the Java SDK, and created an index and a collection, it's time to manipulate data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you successfully connected to your Kuzzle server instance, and created an index and a collection, it's time to manipulate some data.
```

Here is how Kuzzle structures its storage space:
- data indexes contain data collections
- data collections contain documents
Create a `gettingstartedstorage.java` file in the playground and add this code:

[snippet=document]

> As you did before, run your program:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you did before, build and run your program:
```

$ java -classpath .:./path/to/the/sdk.jar gettingstartedstorage
Connected!
New document added to yellow-taxi collection!
```

You can perform other actions such as [delete]({{ site_base_path }}sdk-reference/go/1/document/delete),
[replace]({{ site_base_path }}sdk-reference/go/1/document/replace) or [search]({{ site_base_path }}sdk-reference/go/1/document/search) documents. There are also other ways to interact with Kuzzle like our [Admin Console]({{ site_base_path }}guide/2/essentials/installing-console/), the [Kuzzle HTTP API]({{ site_base_path }}api/1/essentials/connecting-to-kuzzle/) or by using your [own protocol](protocols/1/essentials/getting-started/).

Now you know how to:
* Store documents in a Kuzzle server, and access those

## Subscribe to realtime document notifications (pub/sub)

Time to use realtime with Kuzzle. Create a new file `gettingstartedrealtime.java` with the following code:

[snippet=realtime]

This program subscribes to changes made to documents with a `license` field set to `B`, within the `yellow-taxi` collection. Whenever a document matching the provided filters changes, a new notification is received from Kuzzle.

> Run your program:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Build and run your program:
```
